add github desktop guide (#994)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: docs/documentation/github-desktop.md

# Store your code online with GitHub and GitHub Desktop

GitHub is a way to store code online so you can collaborate with other people. It also makes it easier to publish your prototype online with Heroku.

Some concepts:

> - Git - a way to store versions of your code

Reviewer: Does the word 'way' sound like we're talking about a method, as opposed to a _thing_? Maybe we could say "a web-based system for tracking file versions" (or similar).

Author: agree 'way' sounds like a method, the problem is a better word - system also sounds a bit like method :)

git itself isnt web based, thats github

I think file versions isnt quite right - I think its an important distinction that it track your whole project - a commit represents the state of a whole project at once

Reviewer: What about: "software that stores versions of your code"?

- GitHub - a website that shares your code online
- GitHub Desktop - an app that puts your code on GitHub

> - Repository/repo - a project that has been stored in Git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Repository/repo - a project that stored in Git
```

## Set up GitHub Desktop

> 1. Create a GitHub account, it's free: https://github.com/join

Reviewer: Could we say "Create a free GitHub account"? And link the whole sentence to https://github.com/join?

2. Download GitHub Desktop from https://desktop.github.com/

> 3. Run GitHub Desktop, sign in with your GitHub account details.

Reviewer: Is this one step or two? If it's two, we could say:

"3.  Run GitHub Desktop.

4. Sign in with your GitHub account details."

## Store your prototype in Git

> 1. Select **Add Local Repository** (if it's not on the screen, click the File menu and select it there)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add Local Repository** (if it's not on the screen, click the File menu and select it there).
```

> 2. Set the **local path** to your prototype folder. Github Desktop will now show a warning - apologies - this is the correct process!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the **local path** to your prototype folder. Github Desktop will now warn you - apologies! - that this is the correct process.
```

Reviewer: Why would it warn you that something is correct?

3. In the warning, click the **create a repository** link.

4. On the next screen, titled **Create a repository**, click the **Create repository** button.

## Upload your prototype to GitHub

1. In the top right, click **publish repository**

2. Make sure **'Keep this code private'** is not ticked, as we need others to be able to see and collaborate on it.

3. Click **publish repository.**

> Your prototype code is now on GitHub, other people can see and collaborate on your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your prototype code is now on GitHub, which means other people can see and collaborate on your code.
```

> # Store your code online with GitHub and GitHub Desktop

Reviewer: I was just looking at the titles listed under 'Basic usage' in the [Tutorials and page templates](https://govuk-prototype-kit-pr-994.herokuapp.com/docs/tutorials-and-examples).

All of the other titles start with gerunds ('Sending,' 'Adding' and so on). To be consistent, should we change 'Store' to 'Storing'?

And a more general question: in the titles, is there a reason some begin with simple present tense and others begin with gerunds?

Reviewer: That's a good rationale! Present sense is more emphatic alright, so I can see why we'd want to use it in the context of a tutorial.

The [GOV.UK style guide](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/style-guide/a-to-z-of-gov-uk-style) doesn't say anything about either approach being better. I think we'll be fine as long as all titles in a given section follow the same approach where possible.

Apart from for consistency's sake, would 'storing' also make sense here because not all users of this section will be using this GitHub Desktop doc? (Since some users will be using the doc on setting up Git, right?)

Author: sounds good, lets gerund it up

> # Store your code online with GitHub and GitHub Desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Storing your code online with GitHub and GitHub Desktop
```
